Add a way how to list subscribed topics (#302)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: documentation/book/api/paths.adoc

----

[[_listsubscriptions]]
=== GET /consumers/{groupid}/instances/{name}/subscription

==== Description

> Retrieves a list of the topics to which is the consumer subscribed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves a list of topics that a consumer is subscribed to. The request for this operation must use the base URL (including the host and port) returned in the response from the `POST` request to `/consumers/{groupid}` that was used to create this consumer.
```

Author: This file is generated. It takes the text from openapi file.

Reviewer: Please can you update it in the definition file?
